so a conflict I've had with my career. My family life is something that
I'm actually dealing with right now. I've been stationed at the Pentagon
and my family lives in Virginia Beach. And so what I do is I
go home every weekend to be with my family, and I live here during the
week. And so it was a sacrifice that we had to make for, really,
for the betterment of my career right now, understanding that this is
going to pay dividends in the long run, but still the stress of having
two of my Children who are still at home, that I am not there during
the week for them, and now my wife is basically a single mom having
to deal with things. But is it definitely a conflict that we're
dealing with currently?